	Are you tired of those annoying antivirus popups when installing a new release of (.iso)lated? No? Well then I have nothing to say to you. But if you do - Introducing the new (.iso)lated launcher! It's currently, well, bad, but don't let that stop you!
	Instructions (PLEASE READ):
	The text box on the bottom right is the version number. On first launch it will be "N-U1.1", which is the version.zero value. Do NOT touch this value until you have downloaded your first build.
	The button in bottom middle of the app is where all the action happens. "Check for updates" will check for any updates when pressed. If there is in fact a new update or if you don't have a build installed yet, it will start downloading the update/build right away. There is no confirmation just yet.
	The builds you download will be stored in the folder launcher folder, so make sure to install the launcher somewhere with a lot of space.
	Once your update/download is complete, you may now play the game by clicking the "Play" button. If there are no updates after the check, the "Play" button will always launch the build with the version number specified in the version number box.
	When you inevitably press the button, a new file should appear in the launcher's root directory called "current.version". Please DON'T tamper with this file.
	If you want to download a different build, go to the release page of that build (e.g. https://github.com/MattRaph/isolated/releases/tag/A-R6.2) and copy the tag to the left of the release name. Then, remove everything inside the version number box and paste in the tag. Once your ready, hit enter. If you don't have the release you specified, the download will begin. If you do, it will automatically launch it. The version number is automatically restored back to your latest build on launch, so if you want to bypass the update check, just hit enter.
